the champ was a shock
personal speech or another one year maria blog
plus a sixth for light thigh although
you already know and now have neither their
very legal recipe any reside
I was still making my hamburgers
integrate for my god the sky goes
to see is a recipe that is
practically an assembly
this basic battle is simply already there
the most complicated part in quotation marks he
the assembly
so let's do it because it's very
easy and remembering that the channel janaína
project life if you still are not
subscribed I do not know how it already does four
weeks I see here wrote us a
prestige was there to put up only you
click there you met her channel if
sign up and also the video's there today I
I'm passing my video has a video label
is making a very hourly recipe today
so you do not go there, her face
watch after watching this recipe
so let's mount these bugs that I'm
starving then doom glow
come on bulls let's just start our
recipe, remembering how all the
ingredients and that here in the
video on youtube and the first step is
so let's just stay alone for the day
This people will win tomorrow soon.
that the pot for the series has nothing
there is nothing today because he knows
who are
the box if you do not know how to do your
I'm proud and I'll show you that
home and she comes all weird this way
all do not know that I'm a little
of salt
There you only make a ball, okay.
You'd better tell your fire that
It's very hot for you to make your
your face
oh you can a little ball of a bore
and you're done with your government.
It's just easy to understand why
which does not have much secret to do and
there we put it in
pan does not shine leaking into some
I like everyone
she is one more pass in passing with the
luck and stay that goes not only this as the
stop
now his game is cute and lets
here and the load we are using is
cute little duckling that battle
thinner so you better so we
will now believe that they are grilling all
our pride
Good guys so now I'm not stupid
It has already been gridiron
Look how wonderful and played the
queijinho over the net in which
dilma wins a boy or get his
doggy full us with those in
whole town knows the major networks
supermarket goes then is not so difficult
find the cream
ricotta and fasten to the light goes
I replaced the nerd there right
the mayonnaise is much less people will put
a little
one had turkey breast between
to defend the beautiful that cut to the street
Look how the arugula appeared.
It's so hot, it 's not that good.
with things getting mixed is very
delicious a taste so lively urp né
he liked a lot of sense
he who just closes let's finish now
like the surgery on the spit there was
item so now we will do with
our four other rivers and to show
How did you stay?
ah
O children the end of May the video and mine
friends look how great they are in
our borough can already be noted that once
in the raped week look at these deals
is making the comet leave that
take this deal here, do not think so
maybe it's tomato and tomato people
You do not even need a salary too
and now I'm going to prove here to
win and it's a wonder
my friends with the neighbor is good or not
easy both traditional hamburger
although the ingredients are more
lights brown bread but the taste stays
less heavy is true and is a delight
face
If you liked videos and you already know
I do not like it if it's on the channel
janaína project life all over the
pinky to sign up
janaína is our fitness consultant here
blog every Friday in the attack
in making tasty I had for you
and that's it watch the video that also
is today on her channel be so tired
to know the disk rate it actually has
This is it was until the next video went
tea